Miss Qin, are you very sad about that labor prisoner?
However, even if he is selected
Can't get into your core
The core is only our top military talent
Yuan Shaolin didn't offend you much
Why so tit for tat
If he hits my man, he hits my Lu
Hit my lee
It's like a thunder war
Lei Shao
This forestry has nothing to do with our Qin family
Because there is a debt and an owner
What about you and forestry?
Our Qin family is definitely on your side
It's time to explain to you what the Qin family swallowed
Although the divorce has been completed
But your marriage with Yan'er
We can't impose interference.
Mr. Lin, do you think this is okay?
Tomorrow we will charter the hotel's sky garden
Then you and my sister have a meal together
Sit down and have a good chat
Does this make me look strong?
This twisted melon is not sweet, not strong, not strong
Okay, haha.
Sister, look
Lin Yi's matter has to be explained to Lei Shao, right?
It is also appropriate to see money broken.
It's just a meal.
Won't lose a piece of meat
Besides, you don't want to see Lei Shao either
It's not embarrassing you at the snow court banquet